Amanda is looking for Betty's number. She will ask Larry, who called Betty last time they were at the park together. Hannah doesn't know him well. Amanda will text him.
Eric and Rob are watching some of Eric's stand-up on youtube.
Bob advises Lenny to buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers.
Emma will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Ollie has a party on the 18th. Jane is in Warsaw. They will have lunch together on Friday at 6 pm.
Hilary and Elliot are going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at La Cantina at 2 pm. They will try to avoid talking about their subject of research.
Max is looking for a website to buy clothes. Payton likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks, but not always buying. She usually buys things from 2 or 3 of them. She loves reading.
Rita and Tina are bored at work.
Beatrice is in town and finds some nice scarfs in the shop next to the church. Leo doesn't want one, because he has a cold all the time. She will get him a scarf.
Ivan is coming to Eric's brother's wedding. Eric doesn't know if his parents would let him. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Gina will take her father's car and go shopping with Wanda on Friday.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He will write a short review of the new film with Redford. Aggie and Martin will go to the cinema together at the end of the week.
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Tom and Ella are going by car. Ella rented a car.
Luke wants to join Paul's Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. He will send Luke the bank account details so he can wire him the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girl.
Greg needs to stay after hours to pick Johnny up. Betsy can't pick him up, because she is in the kindergarten on Tuesdays. Greg will see what he can do.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. John advises him not to worry, because it's only two weeks left.
Clara is watching Dear White People on Netflix. The series is about black students in an Ivy League university. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students. The black students try to break it up and Reggie gets a loaded gun pointed at him by a campus policeman. Lionel is coming to terms with being gay and is finding his voice as a journalist.
Mike took his car to the garage today. Someone just crashed into a red honda looking just like Mike's.
Beth's mum's 40th birthday is in 6 weeks. Beth and Deirdre are planning a girls weekend to celebrate it. Beth wants to try working in the salon as a work experience. Maxine manages the beauty side of the salon. Beth will meet her tomorrow after school and they will have a cuppa and a chat.
Gloria sends Emma some texts from previous years to prepare for the exam. The exam is 4 hours and there are no breaks. Emma is going to read everything from the website.
Karen and Adam are worried about May's depression. May doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who's a psychologist.
Mark lied to Anne about his age. Anne saw his passport today.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Augustine, Heather and Walker will buy him a paper shredder.
Kelly doesn't want to go to a sculpture garden in Finnland. Mickey and Jessica think it's scary. Ollie thinks it's similar to Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah can't see the phone number of the person on Myah's photo.
Bella's boss appreciated her and Eric's decision to dismiss the request of a potential client. He was looking forward to bring in new clients.
Ben will come and wake Emma up at 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM.
Jesse, Lee and Maxine are going to chip in for the Refuge's Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Carter will lend Mary a few box. He will be at the train station in an hour.
Paula explains Charlotte how to pronounce the name of the natal lily.
May and Jack are going to have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her some painkillers.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. Andrei has an outstanding bill to pay with the company. Serge will let him know if it works out.
Janice's son wants her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Daniel has just started playing Inquisition. Lucas played just DA II. Mary is a fan of Dorian.
Judy is attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her. Bruce is sweet and caring, but she doesn't feel the butterflies about him.
Chloe is on tv. James doesn't understand what she is doing.
Tina is on her way to a meeting. She will let Ala know how it went.
Sebastian moved here a year ago. He is satisfied with his decisions. He wants to win the lottery. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Ola and Momo are on a trip in Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and is frolicking again. Ola lost her scarf from Laos. She will buy a new one.
Mike is looking for John's number. Ann advises him to ask Mary.
Joseph sends Ella a picture of baby cows. Wujek Janek has tween cows.
Stephen took Josh's notebook home. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new 4-month-old biscuit lab. She called him Bones. The others keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to mother him. Speedy wants to play. Adele had to wean her other dogs.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's. She will pick them up at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy and needs to sleep. Andy and Ezgi are working at the office.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane. She is not interested.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Julia and Nate didn't know he was gay.
Lilly is going to be late. Gabriel will order the food for her.
Cara wants Celine to come over in the evening. Celine is not at home, but she will call Cara if she decides to come.
Derek will help Craig with his computer in 20 minutes.
Emma wants Abigail to take a stroll with the little ones, but she doesn't want to, because the smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today. Emma needs to install the app.
Cindy will get red roses for Paul.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up with one of her cashiers.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. She will pick up the cake and get the balloons. Gary has already paid for the cake.
Paul is almost there. Laura is waiting for him.
Hugh and Salma are sharing the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford. Peter didn't get into Stanford, so he has to look for a new university.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English today because Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. Ian will lend him $ 100.
Gosia, Inez, Alicja and Patrycja enjoyed their evening at a new restaurant. They will go again on Wednesday.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. They are going to visit her grandma tomorrow.
Joyce sends Michael and Edson a link with a cheap ticket. Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Suzanne is at work. Morgan wants to take her to a Maroon 5 concert next week. She's got two tickets.
Liam and Julia are going to meet with Tess at the city library.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. He will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda are going to the Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves pasta and brownie.
Natalie, Martin, Margot, Mia and Anna are coming to Anna's birthday on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for a girls night out after work. They are going to grab some drinks and have some nice time outside of work. Elliot will pick Mia up.
Jayden doesn't want to have any children now. He wishes he could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life.
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela will give him her walle.
Mary told Mark's sister she is doing an online job. She hates her.
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris. Tina will help her to make the crust.
Peadar, Clare, Annette and Helen are going for a drink at Jesus bar around 9.15.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will do it later tonight.
Ray needs to go out, but the door is locked. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and needs pillows. Kim will get him grey pillows as a gift.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi and Sony. Brian will call Josh after work.
Olafur, Nathalie and Zoe are going to the Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho on New Year's Eve.
Andy has a quiz tomorrow. He will study for it.
Kim wants to get some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot advises her to try the marketplace at Polna street. If she doesn't find it, she can look at restaurants' menus and ask about their source. Kim will grill it for a special occasion.
Ben will meet with Tom at 2 pm in the Oval Room. They are going to fight.
Ashleigh and Peter are going to the cinema. Ashleigh got a new job.
Danna is angry because she called 5-8 of her friends and they are not around. Reed is in bed. He doesn't have a TV, because their subscription expired and they want to pay for it. He is off tomorrow.
Alivia is working on her thesis. She has problems finding research materials. She finds the topic interesting and she doesn't mind reading articles and books, but when she's supposed to write, she blank out and can't type a single word without thinking she sounds stupid. Antonio advises her to stop thinking about it and just write.
Maddie is in Asda. John needs white bread and apples.
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague Brad, who had a liver cancer. Elliot will call him at 8 pm.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th. Gina will get her a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. Ann can't pick him up because she is meeting. Rob needs some food for supper and lunch tomorrow. Ann will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and some fruit and vegetables.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid.
Eric sends Samantha and Noah a video of his favorite professor talking about the recent scandal on the news. Noah is the smartest person alive.
Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 p.m. in the evening.
Ying shares a photo of her 10 years. Helen, Norma and Zazu are impressed.
Daniel and Missy are going for drinks after dinner.
Adelle didn't clean the hamster cage. Pete will do it after school.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will order an ipad online and have it shipped home.
Betty shared her work with Isabella yesterday. Isabella wants to do something together with Betty.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Huda is going swimming in 2 hours. Alex will join her.
Janet, Cheryl, Arlene, Leslie, Nicole, Sue and Eric are disgusted with Donald Trump.
Rashi is a bit confused about her career. Teacher advises her to choose a career based on what interests her. She also advises Rashi to earn and learn and try to progress and widen the scope after a while.
Corbin wants to report school violence to the department in charge of school violence. The student who is the victim of the violence is Corbin's friend. If they notice Corbin was the one who reported it, they will hit him. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Joel recommends asking Cynthia or Elena if they know a good technician who can fix PC's. Marta will give them a try.
Ann's dad is turning 50 and she doesn't know what to do for his birthday. Fiona suggests a surprise party, a team play and paintball.
Lincoln and Fatima are worried about Alene. Jenson is not happy with her. Alene is depressed and won't go to the doctor. Fatima and Jenson are both her friends.
Bob will clean the bathroom for Lisa.
Luke and martial will let Jose know they are available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet at carrington and go to the coach's office early.
Julie and Emily are exchanging Christmas greetings.
Frederick and Ricky ran into their new next door neighbors yesterday. Ricky doesn't like them, because they are noisy and have a parakeet that wouldn't stop squawking all night long.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband. She has 4 grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Her husband Bill died 5 years ago. Marigold Carter died. Brenda will organize a reunion for the Lister's girls. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday around 11ish and go for lunch.
Joan can't go to see "A Star is Born" on Wednesday. John will go on Thursday around 8 p.m.
George and Donna are going to meet in a coffee shop tonight to discuss a delicate matter.
Fabian and Louis are going to see each other. Louis' mom is calling him.
Irene will take her little boy shopping with her.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt got a ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. Matt and Thomas will see each other the day before.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool. He got them to undress.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party. Mico will drive.
Matthew is still looking for someone to couch the game on Saturday. Paul will do it if Matthew needs it.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15. Jacob is at work till 5.
Jack is going to the casting. Jack and Ryan will go with him.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. Evelyn offers Joanne to bring her mum over for Christmas.
Raul didn't sleep well yesterday evening and today morning. He started off with a fag. Jen had broken up with her boyfriend and she stayed with him for the night. Raul was angry all the time and had weird dreams of his uncle.
Angie is coming to the doctor in an hour. She has severe stomach pain. She took some pills but to no avail. Ms. Quinn has signed her up and will tell the doctor she's coming.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have CAT 2 during the statistics class. Kelvin will talk with the other class members and will tell them their decision.
Linda, Karen and Ronnie are going to have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week to bring Peyton the video game.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow. She will let Willyx know how it went.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Chris invites Tom to join him and his brother in a jacuzzi in his garden.
Cindy will call Ela and tell her Harry needs to talk urgent.
Mike didn't have time to take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day.
Gaia has 6 exams this term. One of them is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair are going for a coffee at 2 p.m. near the square in a side alley.
Jeff has a skin condition. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same thing and takes meds on the daily. Tina can call Jeff if she has any questions.
Kristina, Jannette and Estefania are watching Tyra Banks on TV.
Daniel is coming to Bologna this fall. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Simone may come in December for a weekend.
Mike will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Gemma is organising a bbq at the weekend. Timmy will come.
Pat will come in the evening, around 9 pm. Bart will open the door for her. Bart and Pat will see each other tomorrow morning. Bart can work from home. Pat is not a painter.
Erin and Ashley will meet at the pool or restaurant to do the interview. Ashley is sitting in the back of the car.
Tommy is preparing a power point for the conference. He will pay $10 a month for it.
Maxwell is grateful for Jeanice's help. Marcus argued with a friend at school. Marcus has been behaving in a strange way recently. Maxwell wants to do something about it. Jeanice and Maxwell will meet for a coffee some time to talk through all the issues.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer.
Leah met a creepy guy at the poetry reading last night. He asked her about her friends and tried to walk her home. He googled her out because he thought she had a crush on him.
Nicky has just left Sam's place.
Ken wants his money back. Greg is having a laugh at his expense.
Tom is in a taxi. He arrived safely, but without luggages.
The university organised a carnival party for children. There are 5 bouncy castles and a HUGE bouncy dragon in the hall.
Ian left his green folder on the dining room table. Sophie will ask Alex where it is.
Simon will be free at 5. Adrian will talk to him.
Jen is going to tell her boyfriend to move out. He owes her money. She hates him. Jane advises her to get rid of him. Jen is afraid of asking him to leave.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way back home. She won't be home tonight. She will see Dean tomorrow.
Kat and Gab want to meet up for a drink, but Kat is busy at the moment. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Agatha is preparing her economics presentation. She used recent research.
Sally and Tim are going to the Imagine Dragons concert on 12 July at ABC Theatre.
Andrew took Bez's car to the garage next to Willig to check the brake fluid level. The car passed general inspection only in June. Kate took the car today. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and has no internet connection. Andrew will switch the heating on a bit on the 21st. The plants in the basement are watered once a week but not too much. The natal lily has just started to flower.
Laura is visiting her parents next Saturday. She is studying for a big project. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over.
Robert will help Pam with Tom's birthday. He will pick up the balloons from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that. Jody does charity work every year.
Max sends Jim his latest project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to mars album to Shannon.
Andy will visit Paul in about 1 hour. They will have a coffee and talk about politics.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again.
Ron sent Josh an e-mail.
Phoebe used her mother's perfume and broke it. She can't go out today, because her mum is still angry.
Eve and Rob will meet on Sunday. They have to go in the morning.
Betty likes the man who took care of her cat. Sandra's ex left her 3 months ago and she thinks it was a mistake. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna has an app that allows her to add clothes to her wardrobe. Peter has 3 or 4 shirts, 5 or 6 trousers, 2 jackets and 2 jackets. Anna has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers and 6 jackets and she has to decide what to wear in a split second.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis.
Archie will arrive from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to Judah by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series Biwott told her yet. She will watch it during the weekend.
Lauren is thinking of getting a tattoo. Nelly won't get one ever as she's afraid of pain. She would like to get a small bird tattoo above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. She doesn't have money to pay the plumber, so she will wait until the next paycheck.
Rowen's country drives on the left. Kaylen would not be able to drive there.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan, Oscar and Kit think it's insane.
Emely needs Titus' help with a task. She sends him a photo of the task and asks him to fill in the gaps. He can't read it, but he can see it very well on his phone.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it now. It's 12 pages.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. He is thinking the worst. He hasn't seen her for a few months.
Hannah has made a list of New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight and exercise everyday, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, find her future husband and start using dating apps. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor wants to break up with Abigail because he is going to have sex with her. It's her father's fault. Trevor is planning to pull out at the last moment. Trevor's father is a church pastor. Trevor wants to get him to pay the child support instead of Trevor.
Gail and Julia are addicted to social media. Gail likes to spy on people. Em is into a guy from work. Jessica is thinking about going on diet. Hillary thinks Gail overdo it and has no life in real life.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating. She wants to take Tom away.
Ella needs information for the catering company. Eva and Barbara are coming.
Sarah will arrive in New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison got a scholarship. Sarah and Maya are proud of her.
Sam is at work. He finishes at 5. Abdellilah will bring him over at 9 am.
Betty and Phil are going to the cinema at 6.30. They will have dinner at home.
Robert lost his job. He is looking for a new one. Serge will send Robert's CV to a Belgian guy who is thinking of opening a new factory.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas. He is Romanian and from an extremely rich family. He works at LSE.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order. Sam will order the dress on the website with the product number 898998.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while because he's been off social media. He uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mck inley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people, but he's not a phone selfie person.
Mike is going to the gym after work. Jason will come over and bring his food. They will play Destiny 2 on ps4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. She will meet with Daisy before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis. Margaret advises him to work as a flight attendant.
Alan has found a product that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. He found a company for it. The cinnamon goes well with the whiskey. Rob would like the old cherry flavor back.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick them up at 6.
Aaliyah is at the university. Camille is sick. Ellie and Aaliyah are having classes 342 on the second floor.
Nathan and Aaron are laughing at a video of a girl who is having a spiritual moment. Dan sent it over.
William is coming back in 5 minutes.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount.
Freddie has just finished watching Mad Men. Kelly has just watched The Crown. Jim is watching I, Zombie. Greg is watching House of Cards. Mike is watching The West Wing. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Sonia and Toni are going to San Sebastian in a month or so. Toni stayed in an airbnb place last year. The landlady is an old basque lady who made a tortilla for Toni.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a long day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
Nova and Dominic are laughing at the fact that people are photoshoping Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy with work and working out. He has a membership with the gym near their office. He does weights and run on the treadmill. Lisa wants to improve her health. She needs to eat better and sleep more.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
Hank and Don's 10-year-old son Rodney are going to take the CSS tests today. The tests are supposed to last from 5 to 8 pm.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress at the second hand shop downtown for 70 euros.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to wear a coat and tie.
Lucian wants Desiree to keep her pasta in the microwave.
Doug is jealous of Jeni's shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend, Jim Andrews.
Emily, Kate and Marta are going for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30. Kate may be closer to 6.
Jane is allergic to peanuts. Anne and Ella were at La Perle. They ordered a cheesecake. Jane started swelling after the first bite.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is getting halloween costumes with her sister. Connor got his today. He will join her at Value Village.
Mary is not at school today.
Tom and Jeffrey are few meters away from Jeffrey. Elena is wearing the red jacket.
Sophia sends Mason a kiss photo. Mason wants to see her when she looks good.
Steffen twisted his leg yesterday. Irene will give him a lift to the infinity pool. Ben is sure Mr.Budd could make it.
Jake, Florence, Margot and Mike are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow. She's got the flu. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through her letterbox.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend, Sarah, and sent her his pictures. Bob is angry at her because she left him.
Aggie will get a babysitter for Peter. He starts a new job on the 6th.
Soren doesn't know where Maryam is. Aimee tried Maryam's number and went to her home. Maryam might have gone somewhere with her father.
George, Robert and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Yousuf will come half an hour later to help his sister with her car.
Mitch will take Bill and Sammy to an International camp on Sunday, 29th. Rory will chip in for gas. They will probably put Bill on a Flixbus and he will arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Joanna will pick him up.
Angelina and Jones will meet today in the afternoon in town.
Derek and Alyssa are laughing at Fergie's national anthem.
Pam will call Lauren in the morning to let her know if she still needs her for tomorrow. The Manager's back tomorrow and she may do some more rota. Lauren had a good holiday and will tell Pam all about it tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him.
Angela will meet Dan at school later to hear him out.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent Piper an invitation to her wedding. She didn't have time to meet everybody and give the invitation in person.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Ema is coming in 2 minutes. The movie has already started. She will be there in 5 minutes.
Jeff, Vladimir, Donald and Tanya are discussing the Caspian Sea agreement.
Joe's job is wearing him out. Tim's friend Terry quit because he had trouble sleeping, constantly tired and an ulcer.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with her.
Jamie, Marlo and Alex are going to do the presentations in groups. They will talk to him to make 3-4 presentations.
John is at school. Nora has just talked on the phone to his math teacher. John is in the park. Theresa is waiting for him.
Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. The writer Cole Grant was signing copies of his books. Sara is not a fan of his.
Debbie is looking for a dress to buy. Kelly sends her a link to the green one. She is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia wants to buy a flight ticket. She doesn't have a credit card at the moment. Tom will use his card. Mia will send him the flight, company and her personal data.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre. Wade recommends Dr Smith. Hugh and Andy haven't been to the dentist for ages. Hugh will call them and arrange a checkup for tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred dollars in the lottery.
Oli had a car accident on Circle Drive. There are no deaths.
Bob is watching the game. Rob is having a few people over for the weekend. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday. Jim is going for a skiing trip with his family. Jim might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar this weekend. Rob will let Jim know if he wants to come.
Julie, Debra and 20 other girls from the village are going to meet up over the weekend.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David had to babysit at Ethan's house. Ethan's sister was naughty. David's phone was switched off. Avery has told Ethan about it.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca is coming back even later. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
Clara and Ron noticed Kasia's place had a weird smell last night.
Holly is not coming tonight because she has the flu.
Ludmila's favourite dinosaur was Triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight. Sean wants to pick up some girls. Logan is not interested.
Indiana left her phone at Liam's place. She's using it right now.
Claire is looking for a dress for the bride. Nicole and Maria advise her to order the dress.
Victor took over Chris's company. He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris was under huge debt and he was not willing to get help. David's business is good but slow. He is expecting it to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle the fair-trade brand she was talking about. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back after 3 or 2 days. Ethan and Abigail will meet soon.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's.
Abby met Miro at the party yesterday. Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie and is home alone. Paula will come over to Julie's and they will drink cocoa and watch "when Harry met Sally" until they fall asleep.
Lucy's daughter is 15. She's not sure what to do now. Patricia advises her not to be surprised. Patricia didn't feel when Patrick turned 15.
Dan, Tim and Chris are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is at his in-laws. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself. Amelia and Kristen want her to do their nails too.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment that is due tomorrow. Kate reminds her about it.
Linda's son, Jack, is sick. He has a high fever and a terible cough. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, who is great with kids and treats every case individually. Half of the class is sick on the school trip.
Tim hasn't seen mum today. She's with autn Grace.
Caroline thinks her boyfriend's mother doesn't like her. Caroline is his first girlfriend. He is 26 and lives at home with his mother and gramma.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He ordered a new one and will pick it up on Tuesday.
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop. He's going to the mall tomorrow to look for a good deal. Olaf sends him a link to a website where people upload photos of the same laptop and their prices. Nestor will call or text him and ask him to contact him.
Phil prefers Facebook. Vic prefers Twitter. Vic has never had an account on Tumblr. Vic and Phil don't have time to write a blog.
Peter and Dan have seen a guy with dreads. Amanda is not convinced.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada has lent her old laptop to her brother. Dima will come in an hour to pick it up.
Kelly went to a pub and met more people from school. She didn't talk to him. He was with someone. She told him a few words and he heard from her a bit.
Adele and Louise are coming to Anne for Easter. Adele will bring eggs.
Peggy's computer might be broken. She's been using the library computers to get it fixed. It might be cheaper to buy a new one. She has a 5-year-old mac model.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet is waiting for him. Janet's day was ok, but her boss can be a pain in the ass sometimes.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a package tour. They are going to choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator.
Stanley is angry at Del because she accused him of having an affair. He can't go for this weekend with her because of work. He will talk to her when she's back. Bill is working on the Lidem project.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years back. Laura will call the cafe to ask if she found it.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. The company offers a clear career path and a lot of benefits. Jake was promoted twice in the last 5 years and the salary increase with each promotion is significant.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner. Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking Curry for dinner.
Matt feels his homestay parents don't treat him well. He stays at home too much and has to pay more for electricity.
Katie hosted Ann's son Tim on Monday evening and dropped him off at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a weekend together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's cousin Erik is the cousin of one of her best friends. Katie will send a text to her son tomorrow to tell him where she wants to pick him up. Katie also knows Stef and Leo, who lived in Reims before.
Sharon's mum is angry and she's grounded. Ahmed wants her to move in with him. She refuses, because her parents will stop talking to her.
Rob is looking at memes and he finds them stupid. Tom tells him to get a girlfriend.
Mike will get a refill of the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She got angry and started screaming. Her mother kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. The price is 250. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Sara will do the washing. She is going to the cinema with Jack. Sam will not join her.
Gary is driving for Uber. Ellie told him it was a terrible idea. He loves it and has met a lot of cool people.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount on all the items on her online shop. Kristi needs new trainers. Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
A bear attacked Andre and Megan at the zoo. Megan and Andre think it's cruel and wrong to keep animals in cages.
Mick didn't get the confirmation emai from AES yet. Barbara did. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan a file with budget estimation for the current year. The boss had to come back from Japan for the convention, so the costs in the line "other expenses" doubled.
Nate will be ready in 10 minutes. Liam will be there in 15.
Carl has a new 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox for this year's championship. Carl and Duncan are going to watch their youngest cousin sweep away the title. Duncan will have Carl reserved in the VIp.
Terry will take his dog away before Dinny comes.
Anastasia and Darrell have new school photos. They took the photo in less than a minute. Anastasia needs a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but nothing was found. He will try to check the swimming pool.
Bella and Aria are talking about Valentine's Day. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work. Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup.
Sawyer, Wheeler and Yardley are playing a ball game tonight. Sutter is injured, so he can't join them. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up for about an hour.
Viola is feeling a bit light before the wedding. Carmen will come on Friday night to help her organize some things.
Madeline and Alex had an argument today. They are going for a beer tomorrow.
Betty will call Grandpa from time to time.
William will make spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will cook pasta, garlic golden, wine and clams.
Maria, Alexander, Lawrence and Martha will meet tomorrow at 17:15 to discuss all the questions after the IMF lecture and do the calculations. Sarah will not be there, because she is working. They are due on Monday.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah and Anna are not going with her.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams but one. Tabby is not coming to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky and Trent have a new kitten. It took them 2 days to win her over.
Sosie will come to Kyra's flat apartment 187 in 5 minutes. Kevin is waiting for her.
Ronnie uses three different bins for waste: dry recyclables, food and general, compost and trash. There are no more plastic bags in grocery stores and straws in restaurants.
Tina is still at work. Adam wants her to call him back or text him when she's back home. If it's late, she will call him tomorrow.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve some lunch.
Gemma wants to come to Lona and Michelle's wedding receptions.
Millie won't come today.
Daisy wants Lisa to be back before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there. The bus is leaving in 3 minutes. Tina is already dressed.
Sophie will collect the quince from Noah's terrace. William went to collect the rest of them for her. The quince will stay for a couple of days. Sophie will talk to Frank and maybe to the twins. The twins are coming home this weekend because of Alexa's ceremony. Noah doesn't have them at home all that often. William gets 5 days at Christmas by way of "family care" and 2 weeks off spread over the whole year but never
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners. Sarah wants him to buy a Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie comforts her.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They are going to the disco next time.
Jeff will bet Mark 100 bucks that he will be the first one to try out his new car.
Ann, Sue and Julie are going to have a little celebration tonight.
Kathy's aunt is getting a haircut today. She wants to get her hair cut a bit shorter.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He needs Claudia and Andy's work while he's away. Andy and Mark are late for the meeting with Mr. Benson.
Den's mother is having a baby reveal. Den will invite her for tea on Friday. He will bring fish and chips home after work.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles. Mum will show Ludo the picture of the room.
Phoebe will open Chandler's door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She speaks Chinese.
Russ will read the report David e-mailed him. He will send him remarks if he has any. He should be done by midday with the report. David will answer some emails.
Catherine is going to visit uncle Steve. Ben is not fond of such visits. He doesn't want to visit his uncle. Ben will visit him some other day.
Clay is in the class room. Kaya will join him.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he needs to finish his report first. Alice and Sean will leave a bit earlier and get the car washed somewhere on the road tomorrow.
Bert is getting home around 8-ish. Julia will wait for him with the dinner. Bert will try to get there on time.
Steve's new dishwasher has been installed. Mum is pleased with it.
Harvey wants to update his computer, but Michelle is still researching. She doesn't want to update, because half of the stuff is black hat and she can't see most of it.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Henry wants to reserve a table at the cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden. Julia and her cousin went to the Lilly's instead.
Olivia needs to do her accounts. She needs to get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also needs to upload a few videos to YouTube. Jake doesn't have time to do post-production.
Emily broke one of Linda's green tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra has a disease. She is getting better every day. Stella wants to take her to the cinema. She wants to watch an action movie.
Harley and Ruby are shocked by the divorce filing. The guy was a serial cheater and his wife is taking him to the cleaners. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and his mom's. Ang is listening to him vent. Ang and Ken are going to see a show on Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
It's derby day today. Manchester United will win.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Cindy has a meeting with the management board today at 2 pm in their conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Don is going on a trip to Hilton next week. Cindy has got his plane tickets and booked the hotel. Nobody is going to pick him up at the airport, so he will have to get a cab.
Samuel is at a happy menu. He ordered a joint and mushroom pizza. It's not legal in Laos, because the owner bribed the police. Jack wants to go there.
Mike and Celia are going to Croatia for holiday.
Jasmine and Paola love Galway Girl and Charlie Puth.
Jaz will come to Sharon on Sunday at 2.30 to sort out her roots.
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will tidy up Laura's dreads for her this weekend. Kas will let Laura know tonight if he can do it.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of work per day.
Mia and James are going to the art exhibition and to the cinema tomorrow. Amelia recommends it. Mia doesn't know Amelia very well.
Rita will buy the copies of the next session of Stephen's seminar for Arthur and Mariana.
Ost bought a garage place in the city center. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. The return on investment is higher than if he gave money under term savings in the Bank. The interest rates are small, almost close to zero, but they do not ask you to pay them for holding money in the bank. The number of vehicles per family in Belgrade is growing.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will arrive in Zawiercie around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight. Lee can't come because he doesn't like some of her friends. Sheryl is a b-word that rhymes with witch. Lee spilled a drink on her.
Erin has just baked a cake. Zachary wants her to bring him a piece of it, but he's busy cleaning the flat.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, but the third one didn't go well. Joseph is going to work as a concierge.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants Graham to focus on motorways this time.
Brett's cousin met his wife at WoW. The game doesn't allow higher ranked players to interact with players out of their range. Andrew's favourite RPG series is Final Fantasy.
Rael hates his job and wants to quit. Zach advises him to try IT as it's the best place to work in. Zach will talk to his friends and give him some advice on how to start, what courses to choose and so on.
Susan had a date. They went to a rollerskating disco.
Pete will come over to Joe tonight to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys.
Euodia doesn't know what tiktok is. Domigo advises her to try it.
Hugh sends Joan and Julia a photo of his son.
Nathalie, Jacob and Pauline are going on a holiday to Greece in August. They need to be back by August 10, because Nathalie's sister is getting married.
Lori is in Copley. Lori and Maria were supposed to meet at Prudential. Lori will be there in 5 minutes.
Jay is a pathological liar. He keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta just found out he lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Chuck and Ally are going to Bernie's party on New Year's Eve. Telly is unsure about going to Luke's.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny gives her advice on how to do it.
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester. Chris stayed home with Ann for the first time.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign is going well. He's got around 200 backers right now. They're a little over 6000 dollars, which is 6132 bucks.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate is angry with Chris because he keeps saying stupid things to her. She doesn't want to talk to him any more. Chris thinks that Mexican children are worse and that they should be kept away from the US.
Celine and Mark went on skates for the first time. Mia would like to be there with them.
Sarah and Lia are going to Negev for Passover. Lia's family wants her to come, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. She is flying on the 28th.
Jack didn't get the package Gene sent him on Friday. He will check the tracking.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. Stephanie wants her to cancel tomorrow's meeting.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform called fabro-ficule.
Raymond wants to have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and bring wine.
Zack and Dwayne are going to watch the new Jersey Shore season.
Will is waiting in a long line at the post office to send a letter in the XXI century. Chris advises him to think twice next time he sends a traditional letter.
Ella and Serena went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was a waste of time.
Molly and Margaret are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to visit the Vasa Museum.
Frank will come with Avril to see horse racing at the weekend.
Mair will bring Xand and Adam to Multisports at half 10 tomorrow.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's meeting. Ethan goes to the gym every other day and this week he's trained every day. Ray and Dustin will meet Ethan at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan has to pick up the kids.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her in a week.
Pam lost her iphone. She talked to every single store, but they didn't find it. There is an option where you can display something on the screen. She will check it out.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on. He's in the hospital, but he'll be fine. The university is going to give an official statement about it.
Nathan and Deborah are going on a trip tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school. Nathan and Deborah will meet at home around 6. They will take the bicycles and go to the cliff where they were last year. Deborah forgot to buy syrup for travel sickness.
Casper, Alexander and Igor are not going to the lecture with Mr Linda tomorrow. They are going to meet near the university instead.
Judie's girlfriend had a tattoo done at Warsaw ink. It was a 1000. Javier wants to get a tatoo back in Colombia.
Sam and Jessica are coming to Michael's hotel on the 15th of August. They will be at the hotel around 2 p.m.
Marsha, John, Gavin and Mohammad are going on a trip to Madagascar. They will spend a week on the beach. John found a little hotel in Nosy Be.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh. He comes from his mother's vagina. He also comes from the atoms in the air that he breath or the food he eats.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel advises her to leave it at the dry-cleaner's. There is a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight, because he's still upset about all the things that happened.
Kris, Ovi and Jason are sick of the cold. Nadine is getting sick patients at her clinic.
L leticia lost her wallet. Miranda and Lora will lend her 10$. Leticia will have to get new documents and she has no time for that.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Terence is angry at Daniel because he took his money.
Lucy will have to throw the garbage out.
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so. They will car pool together a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another one. She asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Jason and Dory are working on the movie. Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason bought the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Jared wants to ask Kelly out. Jared and Michelle used to go out together and Kelly is his best friend.
Reeve, Winslow and Dodson are going skiing for winter break. Dodson and Trish are thinking of going to the seaside.
Zayna and Alex are going for a drink tonight at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is graduating soon and she's thinking about applying for grad school. She's also thought of taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda didn't like "Parks and Recreation". She's not a big fan of the woman who plays the main character.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry. Harry has no money to spend on this.
Sidney didn't buy the nail polish. Randal is still in the store. The shop assistant is looking at him weird.
Pat is not a soccer fan, but she likes baseball and hockey. Mike likes to play basketball. They want to meet up one day.
Nate has just received an excel file with all the registrations. The registrations are transformed into text in Excel. Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables.
Farrah shared her Fossils collection with Enrique's class. They loved it. She will come back again. Enrique wants her to bring her whole collection next time. Enrique will give her name and number to the 4th grade teacher.
Zoey is in the tropics. Thomas is in Belchen. The weather here is fine, but at night the temps fall to -3. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen, where they even got some suntan.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at the main entrance at 6.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. They will meet at Emma's at 9 am.
Dianne and Breann are going to buy a cheetah print for a 10% discount at Pet shop.
Hugh will make the base and prepare everything earlier and put it in the oven.
The next ASEEES conference takes place in San Francisco. Chloe would like to go to Hawaii, but the last conference there in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of travelling to the place.
Finn's order number is 45678. His package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast.
Tommy will lend Derek McCarthy an Android cable. Tommy's wife will give it to him at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Sid and Kelsey are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will buy the tickets.
Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge. Greg and Anna advise him to do at least 60 minutes of activity a day.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new bistro in town.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Arezzo. He will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room. Amanda and Will are waiting for him.
Walker will come with his Xbox console to play all night with Booker.
Laura's mother passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne will visit her.
Keith and Adam miss the cafes by the river that got damaged with the flods. They want to re-build them, but the cost is high.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias. Carlton will join them for dinner and drinks on Saturday at 7.
John sends Henry a photo of Bristol Stool Scale. Henry had a nice poop this morning. Henry is never really constipated. Henry should write on his Tinder profile that he is not pretentious.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are worried about the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis.
Linda won't manage to do any gardening before leaving. Mika offers Linda a few plants for her garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room because he said something wrong. Marenda wants Drade to apologize and send the invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and they are sending her to the hospital. Greg will call Linda or ask someone at the reception to find out if their medical insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank will go out with Charlie tonight.
Bella and Clara will meet at Clara's at 7:30. They will have a drink and have a snack. Clara will bring the wine. Clara's drive is taken by her camper at the moment.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda are going to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand in 2019.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow. Susan will cook something special.
Denise has to do units 2 and 3 for the test tomorrow.
Sharon loves the lamps and the hangers Steph bought from Ikea.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke Stig's razor.
Patrick's phone number is +44 7700 900077. He changed his number.
Lucy and Chiara's uncle Sam is in hospital. Yvonne is dating a hot Argentinian.
Thomas is on his way home. Jack will wait for him with cooking a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop to work. Helen has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday. It's dying and she doesn't know the name. Boston took a photo of it and looked it up on Google Images.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany. He got a better offer from a different IT company, but he didn't accept it. Amber will have to find a new flat.
Vicky is going to fratellis. Michelle will wait for her in front of Town Square in 10 minutes. Brandon has just left the office. Audrey can't get a taxi, so Marty and kids will bring her.
Amir and Kaylin don't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case.
Keira wants to delete wildangel3 and wildangel2. Lois is thinking of deleting both. Keira's sister is grounded for a month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at Vesinet at 5:30 pm.
Simon will fetch Helen some tissues.
It's a blizzard outside. Tom was hiking in the mountains a couple of years ago. He was with 5 or 6 of his friends. They rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy and Maggie are going to the gig together. They will meet at Lucy's at 6 pm to pamper themselves before the gig starts at 8.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism and she is mixed about it. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert has just passed his 4th driving exam.
Ravi's mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement. It's probably arthritis. Ravi tried naturopathy, but she prefers to stay at home most of the time.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with an old wrinkled man. Steviee, Diana and Wilbur don't believe what she said.
Alice has a flu. She forgot to take the vaccine. She's home for 10 days.
Sandra left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. She will bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has a lot of pain in her back.
Hannah is about to sleep. James will pick her up on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink to Red Lion at 8.
Victor is too busy this Saturday to help with the event Sara is organizing.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave wants to hit on her, but Jerry is her lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian are angry at the new professor because he gave them homework on pages 12-16. They decide not to do the homework. They will see each other tomorrow at philosophy class.
Booth was at the local theatre the other day. It was cool and cheap. Elvina got an invite and doesn't know what to wear. Averil is shocked they have a theatre here.
Callum is still busy, so he can't talk to Jair.
Jacob is on his way. Emily wants him to stop the busses. Jacob will reach the parking lot in 10 minutes.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday. Holly made up a story about it.
Sally and Rita like Borns' new album. Florence's new single is out tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. Amanita advises her to cook more.
Haley found a picture of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is middle-aged now.
Jeff, Peter and Miranda are worried about the future of the American economy and the global economy.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter. She was jealous to see him with Ethan. They will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann will be home at 7. She has extra math classes.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because she needs to take Emma to the doctor. She needs to stay at home with her for a few days.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel is 35 and his language is Telugu. He lives in South east India where there are nearly 90 million speakers. He and his family are not rich but they work hard and have very little.
Pete will get pear yogurt for Jen. If they don't have pear, he will get a different flavour.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin is a dolphin. Sophie is a fox. Jenkin will bring her a pack of cards tomorrow.
Daisy sends Scarlett her RGS application.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood at 2 pm tomorrow. They will go to the cafe that does the yummy cakes.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Sara is on a boring meeting. Louis wants to buy a gift for Lilly and Stephen.
Chris tried jogging for the first time in a while. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Matt used to play football and his first performance after a long break was always spectacular, but the next ones were horrible.
Eric and Dan watched the second season of Punisher. They think the second one was better but they think Netflix should have given Jigsaw more scars. Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary are going to buy some new heels tomorrow. They will also get some frozen yogurt.
Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting where the top management is coming from France next week.
Joana and Sandy are going to play dixit or carcassonne. Joana will bring them.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink.
John and Matt are going to have a practice today.
George and Blake are coming.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening.
Martin will buy some milk for Alex.
Hansel's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop. Peter will look at it.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his close friends. Emma went to the seaside and visited a bunch of clubs. She got a cold.
Andy is working late until 4. Andy will be there by 8.
Shari and Stewart are angry at the man who is in charge of the forestry department. They are going to vote for someone else.
Lydia added a man on Facebook. He accepted her invitation. They texted. Lydia is trying to ignore him. They work in the same company. Camila thinks Lydia should talk to him.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris has to deny Sarah's PTO request because she is too low on the totem pole. He will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will have a long weekend. Boris will see his assistant at her earliest convenience.
Blair and Chuck are seeing the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order seafood tagliatelle. They both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane.
Alan sent Ruth an email. She didn't respond. He sent her another one. Ruth has just got it and didn't have trouble opening the attachment.
Oscar and Payne will have a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday. She will send him a PDF file.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping after work. They will have pasta with broccoli, ham, cheese and cream for dinner.
Rudi and Henrietta are angry at Trump because he said that about a congresswoman.
Luis and Cole are in the same room. Cole wants Luis to pass him his pillow. Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate.
Daniel passed his driving license exam. Kate congratulates him.
Andrew Simmons sends Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson the list of individual meetings tomorrow. Samuel has an appointment with a doctor, so he won't come to the meeting. Katherine Jackson won't be coming, because she has a retake. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons' office, room 104.
Rosie is better today, but still not good. Tanya was worried about her.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator.
Emily is waiting for her doctor. She is waiting with a nun and a blind crazy man.
Frank will help Mary and Sarah transport the Aquarium.
Mario wants Conor to bring him a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Andy was emptying Ditty's letter box. Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. She will come over to collect it around 6 pm. Hans is away.
Damian is happy for Higuain, who scored twice in the Huddersfield game. Jacob and Mason don't think it will be a turning point for the team.
Jay will lend Joe some money to buy tickets for the event. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him.
Robyn drank too much last night. She feels better today.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam hasn't been to Egypt.
Gino is not sure about his outfit. Renee advises him to wear black trousers, a white shirt and brown shoes.
Richard will give James a ride at 6:15.
Caleb sends Ella a photo of Maya who is playing a mouse in a school play.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night. Josh will pick Michelle up at 7.
Yaz and Tania are going to the pub on Friday at 8ish.
Anna studies a lot and she thinks it makes no sense. Jerry tries to look for positives and dark humour to make her feel better.
Robin is interested in the Bulls Eye poker platform. Jacks has played on it several times and made a few bucks on it. He sends Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about Ulrich as a great friend over the years.
Edward and Lauren don't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 p.m. Gabriel will be around at 3 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert came to visit his old pals. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Tom will pick Becky up and take her to his mother's house. John won't let him go if he doesn't finish the project on time.
Ethan, Leo and Archie are going to see solstafir on 21.11. Noah might have to stay late at work to see them.
Barry and Marleen are going to buy a yellow kerchief for Rita.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas are going for a beer. Lucas is free in the evening.
Tricia will send Erwin to get the cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday. Zandra has to make decorations and food for the party.
Laura didn't get any replies. Raf forgot to text her back. Sarah is at Linate hotel.
Adam is taking an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and Adam are nervous about it.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her about it.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated. Uncle Jayson congratulates him.
Daniel is packing for the trip. Michael reminds him to bring his passport. Brian will pack his.
Ross wants to do karaoke tonight. Chandler will record him singing George Michael.
Poppy and Harry don't like parties. They prefer travelling and sightseeing.
Gyle is on his way home to see what happened yesterday.
Regina had a presentation. 3 people came to listen to her.
Zac is on his way to visit Barbara. He will bring the dog. They will stay overnight.
Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and wants to leave at Easter. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs. They will meet outside the club at 6ish.
Frank and Dick are interested in buying an apartment in building 32. They will see it in 30 minutes. Frank will bring a measure.
Steven and Mia will meet at 8 pm to grab something to eat before the movie starts.
Lilly and Marshall are going to watch Netflix tonight.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Stu's IT friend, Alex, downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD for Priscilla's new laptop. She bought the software online.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client Salvage Industries. Helen will double check if they have no PR problems.
Ginger needs some sugar. Phylis is baking a pie.
Anthony and Andrew are going for a beer around 9. Robert is with his kids now. Anthony is taking his lady for a date in the evening.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jake has just pulled his first TOTW this year. He will try him in one or two matches.
Rosemary and Victoria are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop at the moment. Victoria has a tablet but it has 2gb ram, not enough for recording. They need to borrow it from somebody.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. Cass gave him Thomas the Tank engine as a present.
Alex will be waiting for Jane by the left entrance. She will be 10 minutes late. She took the file with the xerox copies. It's their last chance to get through to them.
Ken is depressed and stressed out. He had a bad day yesterday. Ellen is worried about him.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was very happy. Deana found Adrian's sunglasses in the empty place above the radio.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica has been to Palermo in Italy. There are the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses.
Spencer works at a call centre. Maria wants to go part time next year. Spencer is on 16 fixed hours at the cafe and the rest of the week to work on his illustrations. He gets around £1000 of work a month before commission and tax. He is frugal and spends a lot of money on rent and bills.
Tim invites a few people from work for a newbie gaming evening. Joe gives him some tips.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15th of December. Holy is out of town. They will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow. Holy will do some research and send them back to Richard.
Gurdun is feeling a little bit better. He will be back at the uni on Wednesday. He had flu three months ago and muscle pain. Russ had the same flu 3 months ago. His team won the last match.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a funny video. Oliver finds it weird. Charlie has mixed feelings.
Mummy, Thessalia and Mike are celebrating Christmas.
Samara wants to play with JP, but he has to go to work.
Michael can't make it today. He can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are critical of the EU's immigration policy. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. Simon believes Poland has a chance to develop in fast pace and avoid all the mistakes other western powers made.
Tilly had to go for detention. She will be home in 40 minutes. Sam will call her when she is home.
Mell and Gloria are going to have a barbecue at Mell's place on Saturday. Mell wants to extend the terrace and wants Gloria's opinion. Mell's sister moved up to Scotland and Mell doesn't have to put up with her anymore.
Whitney will take Hailey to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will join them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. Hudson will try to replace it with a new one and let him know if it works. If it doesn't, Lincoln will buy a new hinge.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena got a new desk and needs Martin's help with assembly. He can't help her today, but he will help her tomorrow.
Everett will give Ralph Amy's phone number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane are going to chill at home.
Ed thinks sex is for married people and only for procreation.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot.
Matt and Tony want to go to Bon Jovi's concert in Warsaw next July. The tickets start from pln 250.
Dan will split the food from the BBQ equally. There are no leftovers for Sara, Ashley, Gerardo, Eric and Vicky. Gery and Eric cooked their own chicken and asparagus.
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth and have a meal from the restaurant they talked about last time.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Michael and Vanessa are on their way. Peter is stuck in the same traffic as Harry. There's been an accident.
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and it takes a while for it to restart again. Callan is going to the store and let them see it. He always back up his files.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because she needs to take her son to the doctor. Patrick will take care of him for the next couple of days.
Phil is in the shop. He couldn't find a parking place, so he's standing in a queue. Nancy will make him an apple pie. Phil will be home in an hour.
Bryan's manager will send Piper the payment tonight.
Richie and Clay are congratulating Pogba on his first goal of the season.
Sybille has problems with her son's online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris on the 29th. Air France offers her a departure on flight DL140. Sybille's son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postpone. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines. She is angry as it cost her more than 40 euros for 20 minutes on the short number 3654. She has to sleep in the airport.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans and Slade are going to the practice. Slade will bring the ball.
Holt's sister is 21. He wants to get her a set of DVDs and cosmetics for her birthday.
Georgia wants to buy a new outfit. Summer and Roxana advise her to wear it to parties.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming for a business trip to BG. He will stay at Nina's place. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal and Amir like what Beyonce tweeted.
Alec sends Alexa a link to the last America's Got Talent. Alexa and Alec like the girl and they think she might win the edition.
Kelly hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to someone else's account. John will ask the bank to re-send the money to the right account.
James is going to work. He is not watching the game.
Lilian's mum has been calling Kevin all day. Lilian is at Helen's place.
Freddy was asked by Barbara to sing at the school concert on Friday. Freddy will send Simon the backing tracks for the things he would like to sing.
Wayne picked Tommy up from the station. Tommy is at school. Tommy liked the weekend and wants to do it again. Wayne will send him pictures of angling in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will have a beer at 9 at Tobias' place.
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew. She didn't show Israel the whole dress. She will show him some photos on the site soon.
Frances is back from the Vosges. She had a great week there and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local.
Paula can't get past 637 levels in the game. She will look up the cheats online.
Bethany doesn't want to work as a computer investigator.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. She is worried about her. Deadrana's brother-in-law earns a lot of money and doesn't have any debt.
Mike, Sean, Joseph and others are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They want to pass the exam. They are not going to share their notes with Joseph.
Anna has a stomachache. Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Jeff and Kate are in the little room next to the reception. Jeff and Kate notice a woman making a cake with a huge penis on it. She is working in the small room under the stairs.
Larry and Kirsten are going to vote on insurance. Kirsten needs to get her husband to sign off on it. She wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants her to come home and let the dog out. Chloe will see Megan afterwards.
Natalie's wallet is in Tobias' room.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to him in person. Phil will be in Rob's office first thing tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual and wants to break up with Nicole.
Mike woke up with an allergy.
David wants to get a new tattoo but he doesn't know what to get. Mike will go get one with him.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and Beth will have some chocolate for after the dinner.
Karen is worried about the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter is almost done with the presentation for the repairs team.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. Nick uses his mobile service. Nick will let Matt know when he remembers it.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to sign on the calendar for a match next week. Gabriel's tutor wanted to join them.
Mia, Jennifer and Peter are worried about Trump.
Madison found an offer for Thailand. The tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. children under 12 get 50% off.
Tina is interested in Patrick. Demi advises her to be more chill with men. They are going to meet. If Tina is homeless, Demi will take her under her roof.
Freddie wants to visit Winnie, but Nanna has broken her leg, so he will have to visit her instead. Mummy and Daddy will come when they can.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman: New Beginning' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them.
Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work on the fan system, or PIV system, which would circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air in the house to get rid of the current mould.
Warren locked the door.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures. Jo is having a workshop on teamwork. Aaron will go to Jo's. Claire will sign up for mindfullness workshop. Aaron took it in Berlin last year.
Rob wants to sell his flat because he wants to have a baby. Rob has a friend who's relocating to another city and offers him a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. Charlie and Daisy spent an evening together. Charlie wants to meet Daisy again in the US or here. Daisy is flying to San Fransisco from 1-5 September. Charlie will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode will give Adele the whole album in USB. He will come to her home.
Maddie spoke with Leah and she told her that Ian dumped her years ago. Ian doesn't know Claire. Maddie will ask her next time.
Violet is going on vacation. She is going to get a Brazilian waxing. Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and she didn't like it. She advises her to start from leg waxing or sugaring.
Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean, Rick and John are discussing the trade deadline today. John wants to get Lamar Jackson, but he doesn't have rights to him. Rick wants to vote and go from there. Rick thinks the QB rule doesn't work. John might have a way to drop the rule completely next year.
Amelia's mother was on a diet.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week and she liked it. Alex wants to see it this weekend with Lane, but he's seen some bad reviews.
Amelia's favourite colour is blue.
Mary lives in Southampton. She moved there in December.
Oliver, Sid and Victor's teacher got fired and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash. Pedro and Alex don't like batman or Superman.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his girlfriend's ass. Adam doesn't like it.
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Mark's place tonight. Daniel's sister Hannah is visiting. Mark hasn't seen her for 14 years.
Bart didn't study for his economy final and he got a bad score. He will re-take the class next year. Adrian didn't do that well but he ended up with a reasonable grade. Bart started playing StarCraft and he is not going to play games during school anymore.
Margot bought a bottle of nice wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece are going to watch the latest movie on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise.
Mary is back with her baby. Susie is great. She sends Henry a photo of her.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up at 5.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple and tangerines for school.
Lia is selling a new earphones. Sam wants to buy the white earphones for £187. He will have them delivered to him through courrier. Lia offers grey and pink earphones as well. The total costs £187, but Sam can't lower the price to £180 due to company policy.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary are going to wear red dresses.
Emilly will lend Kate her blue handbag. Kate needs it for Monica's wedding on Friday. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Gina will come to Monica's office to get a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. Aubrey doesn't want him to keep it in the hallway. Nathan also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like the DC universe better than the marvel. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of arrow season 7. He will text Parker when it's done.
Michael is travelling a lot. He is in Boston next weekend. He wants to leave London and look for a new job in the Netherlands. Kai is working too much. He has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly is stressed out because of the silly season. Luca tries to cheer her up.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will get back to Madison with the article in a few minutes.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. Ronald wants her to call him when she gets back.
Agata's husband doesn't complain about her new job.
Luz and Alejandro are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career in FIFA 19. It's different from the one in 18.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. He will be there in less than 24 hours. Hannah will prepare food for dinner.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make soup.
Joyce's car is making a weird noise, so she can't take the car to get Harry. Kyle will get Harry by bus.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in his closet. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea.
Susan had a romantic weekend. She stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. Toby proposed to her and she said yes. Melissa will send her some photos.
Olivia will leave Linta with Eva for a day. She will bring her a bottle of milk and her bag.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing her whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Stefano and Josie discuss Eco's Pendulum and Foucault's The Name of the Rose.
Evan cancels his lesson with Dennis tomorrow. He got the flu and has been off college since Tuesday. He should be ok for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a concert in the city park around 9 p.m. Camille will join them. Patrick and Amanda will go party later.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and pharmaceuticals. He was watching a film last night and in the commercial they mentioned a name of an illness he has never heard of. He did some research and found out it's not an illness. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 bln.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics.
Mark is going out in a sec. Sally is not coming with him, because she is not feeling well. Mark will pick her up. Sally doesn't want her character killed off.
Sandy and Joy are going to meet on Friday at 11 am. Sandy is going for a run, so she may be late. Lina liked Joy's dress, but she thinks it has too much cleavage.
Candy and Val will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Ted found plasters and kept them till this morning after his shower. Susie and Aude think he looks sexy with them.
Lily will call Kyle in 10 minutes.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. Harry is in.
Tomas is waiting for the grant. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to the German markets this weekend. They're going to have sausage and beer and mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will have a look at their website.
Ava is 158cm tall. Penguins' average height is 162cm when they stand up. Ava is shorter than penguins.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Vaughn got a 65.
There was an emergency at school, but it turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow, Janet and Forster are going on holiday to Asia in September. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at Perry's.
Lee's client manager is wearing a dress shirt and a suit jacket. He has a presentation after work. Lee wants to take a picture of him and post it on Facebook. Lee pre-purchased RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains. He got a pet for WoW, decals for SC2 and a Demon Hunter for Heroes of the Storm.
Boris will tell Brian to bring home the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
Laurel and John will meet at Jade's collection at around 5 pm tomorrow to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese. She loves it, but she's allergic to cats. She's taking a lot of medication and it seems to be helping.
Matthew, Bart and Kristina are going to Mark's after the wedding.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for Russel's mother.
Owen, Neil and Penny are worried about Amy. They want to meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. After that they will go to some bar.
Tom is angry with Jack. Robert is not in town.
Dorothea has a birthday today. She's going to celebrate it with Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and invites her to her birthday party on Saturday.
Derek and Jules don't have a class tomorrow.
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis because she has a cold.
Lydia's legs are amazing after months at the gym.
Mick is doing student exchanges. He is going to the club with his friends for Halloween. Amka is not going to dress up. In Poland people don't celebrate Halloween. They go to the cementary on November 1st and spend time with their families.
Karine sends Jessie a video of herself and Jessie at kindergarten.
Cael's dress is not ready yet, but she hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with Conrad, her 5-year-old student. Wanda thinks she should do something about it.
Tim, John and Alice are worried about Kongo. The situation there is terrible and they don't think it's going to change any time soon.
Margaret and Evans will meet on the 4th and 11th of December at 10:00 and the 17th at 11:00. If it's not 18th, they'll meet on 14th.
Bradley is busy at work. Joanne wants him to contact her.
Pete got an interview. Iris's parents are happy for him. Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Luke, Ken and Gerardo will have to delete the expense and re-add it. Julia will add her back to the group. Gerardo is going to ask Sara, George and Julia to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Fitz wants Conny to write a paper about the paper he told her for next week. Conny did a lot of research on the internet. Fitz suggests she should go to the library.
Archie thinks Melanie looks like Melanie with straight hair. Louis thinks Melanie was hotter when she had cury hair.
Cindy and Carly are angry at her because she asked Carly.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm. They will meet up and go together.
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he's not talking with her at all. Cathy thinks he's looking at her when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk with him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about a lion tamer and a circus owner. Lynn and Charlie think dreams are telling them something.
Charles is worried about his gluten intolerance. Jack's friend was told that she may be intolerant or allergic and she did a blood test. Charles will stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better. Monica did the same thing with lactose.
Peter and Ulysses got an A and a B. Martha can check their grades online.
Andrew doesn't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It was 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture.
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mum. She doesn't know which one she should buy. Michael advises her to buy freesias.
Tim is running late. He will be here about twenty past. Gary will try and delay the main presentation.
Marcus will pick Mark from the airport in Sydney on Thursday at 4.
Joanna's thesis mentor Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louisa will bring her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg. Meg needs 5 minutes more, because she has lost her key.
Ben is looking for programmers. Kim and Ben are going to have pizza with coke tonight. Kim will get a rain check. Ben will call her.
Stan Lee is dead.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix try to calm her down.
Ryanair has cancelled 400,000 more passengers. Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed for now. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Ava hopes they will send her a voucher.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but fine. A man was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation.
Monica got drunk and kissed Ross at an office party two months ago. She's pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. He had 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. Summer almost lost her tooth one time. The low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow.
Benjamin didn't go to the basketball game on Friday night. His mother is sick and he is taking care of her. His team won the game 101-98. Benjamin will come to the next game next weekend.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 p.m. on Antena 3.
Marta clicked something by accident. Agnieszka and Weronika are happy she didn't send something from her gallery.
Cora and Ellie are surprised by the media reaction to a meet and greet with James Charles in Birmingham.
Rachel sends Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched almost all 50 of them. She watched Deadpool 2 times and Avengers 2 times. Her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2.
